doc: Update CONTRIBUTING with code style changes (#1373)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Submit](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/pulls) a pull request into the `master` branch. Provide a brief description of the changes you are contributing.

Public CI is enabled for the repository. Your PR should pass all of our checks. We will review your contribution and, if any additional fixes or modifications are necessary, we may give some feedback to guide you. When accepted, your pull request will be merged into our GitHub repository.

> ## Code style rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Code Style 
```

> We use [black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) and [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/) to format Python code. We have chosen a line length of 90 characters and use default options otherwise. You can find the linter configuration in our [.pyproject.toml](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/blob/master/pyproject.toml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) and [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/) formatters for Python* code. The line length is 90 characters; use default options otherwise. You can find the linter configuration in our [.pyproject.toml](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/blob/master/pyproject.toml).
```

> A Github Action will verify your changes comply with the output of these auto-formatting tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GitHub* Action verifies if your changes comply with the output of the auto-formatting tools.
```

> Optionally, you can install pre-commit hooks that do the formatting for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can install pre-commit hooks that do the formatting for you. For this, run from the top level of the repository:
```

```bash

> # from the top level of the repository, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
